(Shooting Star, the colorful harmony of light.)
(Catch Catch, Lighting Star, Shooting Star!)
(Catch Catch, Teenieping!)
(Shalalala... Shalalala...)
(Shooting Star Teenieping!)
(Heartsping of love, Shimmerping of healing,)
(Sparkleping of wishes, Twinkleping of brightness.)
(Shalala... Shalala...)
(Show me your mysterious magic! Hachu!)
(Shooting Star, the colorful harmony of light.)
(Catch Catch, Lighting Star, Shooting Star!)
(Catch Catch, Teenieping!)
(Shooting Star Teenieping!)
Sing with Ruruping!
(I will sing a song for you.)
(Even the stars up there follow me.)
(It's a magic that makes us all happy, rurururu.)
(The twinkling stars and the Milky Way,)
(they all follow me.)
(Sing a sing a song, sing me a song.)
(A melody that brightens my heart.)
(Sing a sing a song, for you, I)
(will become a singing star.)
Thank you so much for being the audience for my song, ruru!
Well then, goodbye everyone!
Wow, you're good, Romi!
No, it's because Sara's guitar is so good.
What's the use if the guitar is good? Your playing skills are still the same.
I really can't stand to listen.
Don't pick a fight. If you're jealous, just say so.
Everyone, just a moment!
In two weeks, there will be a street charity concert in the town square. If you participate, you'll get a full year's worth of volunteer credits.
Anyone who wants to participate can sign up with Ms. Dane.
A street concert?
Singing and playing the guitar on the street.
I'm short on volunteer credits.
What's this about a street concert? Huh? Ooh... I just had a great idea.
Alright, that's all for today's class. Oh, I've already signed you up for the charity concert, so don't worry and do your best, Romi.
What? Me?
Yes. You said you were shy and asked Lena to sign you up, didn't you?
Well then, see you all tomorrow.
Uh, Teacher, wait a minute, Teacher!
Romi, are you really going to perform?
Heartsping...
Hmm... He looks kind of tired just sitting there.
I'll soothe your fatigue, ruru.
A bite! I got one!
Three, two, one.
(I will sing a song for you.)
(Even the stars up there follow me.)
Ah, drat! I lost it!
I almost had it!
I can't concentrate on fishing!
I thought I'd catch something today!
Hmph... I got away, ruru...
Was the tuning wrong, ruru?
It was Lena's doing after all, Heartsping.
Anyway, do you think you can do it, Romi?
I don't know...
All the kids are looking forward to it, so I can't just cancel.
Ah! What am I going to do!
There's no one to even teach me guitar.
Huh? It's the Teenieping alarm, chu!
This familiar melody... Shimmerping?
Ah, Ruruping!
She's a Star Teenieping who used to sing and play guitar for the stars in the village, Shimmerping.
She's super, super kind. You should be able to catch her without much trouble, Sparkleping.
Let's hurry and transform before she finds us, Sparkleping!
Okay!
Now, Twinkleping!
Got it!
Piripiri Catchring!
Shararang!
Into the Star Cube!
Star Teenieping, Ruruping, catch!
Ugh, where is this, ruru?
Hello, Ruruping.
Sorry for catching you so suddenly.
You... who are you?
I'm a princess from the Emotion Kingdom, and I'm catching Star Teeniepings to restore the Star Village.
Ruruping!
Long time no see, Sparkleping!
Hello!
Oh my, everyone! Ruru!
Ah... I'm so tired...
What's that guitar sound, ruru?
Hmm... the next chord is...
You're practicing so hard, ruru.
Huh, Ruruping? What's up?
Yeah, I heard a beautiful guitar sound coming from somewhere, ruru.
No, it's not beautiful at all.
The street concert is just two weeks away, and at this rate, I'm just going to embarrass myself.
Don't worry too much, ruru.
Even I make mistakes sometimes.
I'll help you! When it comes to performances, leave it to me.
What? Really?
Thank you, Ruruping! You're my lifesaver!
I'm sorry, but you have to solve this with your own power, not with magic.
The audience can tell better if you're sincere or not.
Oh, that's kind of disappointing.
Ah, I get it.
So, what should I do first?
Hmm... what song do you want to sing?
Huh? Uh...
It looks just like the twinkling sky from our village, doesn't it, Twinkleping?
Still, the stars in our village are bigger and prettier, Sparkleping.
I want to go back soon and see the stars in our village too, Shimmerping.
Me too, Twinkleping.
Me too, Sparkleping.
Ruruping, I want to sing a song that gives you strength.
Huh? For us?
Yes. I saw Shimmerping, Sparkleping, and Twinkleping missing their home while looking at the sky every night.
I don't know when it'll be, but until we can go back, I want to tell you all to stay strong together.
That's so touching, ruru!
Hmm... In that case, shall we start our special training, ruru?
Special training?
Isn't that Romi?
She should've run away before embarrassing herself.
How much could she have practiced in two weeks?
Look how unconfident she is.
You guys just wait and see.
You can do it, Romi!
Why am I so nervous?
Romi, come closer.
Huh?
I've shared my confidence with you, so you don't have to worry anymore.
Just do it like you practiced. Got it, ruru?
Okay.
(I will sing a song for you.)
(Even the stars up there follow me.)
(It's a magic that makes us all happy, rurururu.)
(The twinkling stars and the Milky Way,)
(they all follow me.)
(Sing a, sing a song. Sing me a song.)
(A melody that brightens my heart.)
(Sing a, sing a song. For you, I)
(will become a singing star.)
Tch, making a fuss over something like this.
Let's go, everyone.
Huh?
(As long as we're together, we're not lonely.)
(Take my hand.)
(Sing a, sing a song.)
(A melody that makes us all one.)
(Sing a, sing a song.)
(By your side,)
(I'll become a singing star.)
That's...
(Until it shines brightly, Shooting Star.)
(I will follow your light in the night sky.)
(Shooting Star, come to me.)
(Catch Catch, I'm going to meet you.)
(Shooting Star Teenieping.)